>> Scott Moss: If you're not ready that's
fine we're gonna go to the solution.
I left a lot of stuff out
intentionally and unintentionally.
So it's fine, it's totally fine.
Okay so let's go server js right here.
First thing is ignore this setupMiddware,
ignore this connect(),
we're going to get there, you do not
need this, we're going to get there.
But what you do want to look at is on line
7, boom, we made an app by using express.
Whenever you invoke express
it just creates an app for
you, you can have many,
typically you have one express app.
And that app by default has a router baked
into it, but you can have many routers.
As we are going to find
out in the next lesson,
we have all different types of routers.
But, the default express app is like
the global app for your server.
It is your server, and then you can have,
you can use the router on it.
Which is a global router and
then you can supply it with other
routers that you can mount on
different paths and stuff like that.
So the first thing is you made an app,
right?
Ignore this, ignore this, ignore this, and
then what I did was I used app.all which
is basically like any verb,
any path, star, do this.
So it doesn't matter what you do,
it's always gonna send this back,
that's what that's doing.
So that was just my hello world.
I'm sure everyone has
something similar to this,
probably app.git with the index slash,
right?
This is just saying every single verb,
every single path, send that back.
This we'll get into later,
[COUGH] and then inside of index,
this is where it probably
kind of gets crazy.
So I'm using that HTTP module
that I said do not use.
I'm using it to wrap
the express app because
express is compatible with this module.
HTTP module allows us to
consume the express app and
we can use the HTTP interface
to listen for the request.
So this thing has an event If
approach the task to it and
we can use it for hot module reloading.
So the quick answer is
the reason why it's here is one
I was gonna do web sockets in here,
I took out the last second.
So I forgot to retract this but then
this same time, I kind of got to leave.
Because I need it for
my hot reloading, because I need to
be able to listen to these events.
So if you are not doing web sockets and
you are not doing hot module reloading,
then you don't need this http.createServe.
You can just do app.listen, which is
what's in the example that I gave you.
So this is specifically for
hot module reloading, so if you want this,
you can just go ahead and
take out to the lesson.
The lesson-1-solution branch
which has all of this.
But yeah, so basically here we create
a server just like express we can listen
to any open port.
If you pass in a port that's not
open it's gonna throw an error.
Then a callback that runs
when that port is opened.
And then this right here is just to
respond to our hot modular loading.
So let's just test this out,
you can run yarn start.
If you did look at the package at Jason.
You will find out that's the commands.
Yarn start or MPM start if you are using
MPM, that just runs webpack, with this.
Once you start it up, you'll see
your console log and your callback.
You can go there and
you see it doesn't matter what I do.
I'm going to get okay true.
Get request to, whatever.
I'm always going to get okay true
cuz that's the thing that I put.
I could also test this
with any other verb so
>> Scott Moss: I just told you like okay
true, you know the pulse request right?
Cuz I did that glob there.
Right here, this is what's happening.
>> Scott Moss: Everybody following here.
I made an app, I register
a route on all the verbs so
notice that means when you use app.
That's followed by a verb name,
so you'd probably add app.get.
That's not saying I want to get something
from express that's saying I want to
respond to a get request.
That's what that dot kit is, it's the HTTP
verb that you want to set this router for.
So you might be thinking there's probably
an app.post, app.put, app.delete,
app.options.
Yeah, there is,
there's also some other ones.
So that's the verb and you can see that
all is just a shortcut for all of them.
For every single verb,
for every single route,
respond with this JSON,
that's what that was, yes?
>> Speaker 2: Do you want to demo the hot
module reloading since we hooked it up?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
let's show some hot module reloads.
Okay, so my server's on right here,
it's listing.
If I go and lets just change something,
I guess I only have one
thing to change really.
Which is in server JS,
if I just say, ok: false and
hit save and I go back and
look at the terminal.
You'll notice right here web pack
is telling me, these new chunks, or
these little bits, I've got updated.
And what the update was, it stores it in
this file, and what it does is, it'll grab
that update and patch it, on the fly,
to the modules that are already running.
So it doesn't actually restart the server,
it just patches the code,
because the webpack is the bundler.
And then, because that happened, the code
is still running, the server never stops.
It fixed your car while it was on
the highway, and if I go back here and
I refresh, you'll see it says false now.
The difference between something like
this and something like NodeMon.
If you use NodeMon,
which you totally can, what it'll do,
you'll tilt the files you wanted to watch.
Then the server will restart
when you change those files.
It's a complete refresh which means
any state that you have in that app
will be gone.
Whereas here, the state is kept the same
like for instance if I were to put
some state up here like,
actually no I don't have any cache.
Basically, any state that you have is
not gonna be gone so if you were like
Keeping track of something, some cache or
something, it'll stay there.
It's not going to refresh, it's totally
going to be there the whole time.
Any questions on that?
I think this is a really good workflow,
this is adopted from
client side development.
Something we use a lot on
client side development,
hot mod reloading,
totally use it on the server.
You obviously don't need
this in production, so
when we get into production and stuff,
I'll show you like how to not use this.
Cuz you don't need a hot
module reload in production.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, any other questions?
>> Scott Moss: All right,
yeah, you have one?
>> Speaker 2: Just a question about where
the hot module reloading is coming from,
just a module that you included
in the package.json, right?
>> Scott Moss: Sweet, so good question.
This module.hot, so basically,
so what Node looks like what actually
happens in this auto mode is that this.
Whatever file you write is gonna be
wrapped inside of a closure like this,
like a iffy, or
a immediately invoked function, right.
This is a module, right,
a module is just a closure.
It's just so you can't interact
with global space, right.
So this whole thing is wrapped
inside of a function at run time.
When node actually keeps this file,
it's going to do that.
But, that's reason webpack
which is bundler and
webpack has it kind of like
simulates a module system.
But because we are already in the module
system there is a lot overhead.
But basically,
what's happening here is this module.hot,
module is a global,
that's provided to us by webpack.
And it has a hot property on it, and
we can tell webpack that we're gonna
be using hot module reloading.
So if you go to the config you can see
right here, we're telling webpack that we
wanna use hot module reloading and,
right here, hotModuleReplacementPlugin.
That right there supplies
the hot parameter to the module
global inside a node.
So hot module reloading
is coming from web pack.
So without web pack, we can't do this.
This isn't pure node,
you have to set up web pack to do this.
Without it, we won't be able to do this,
we'll be using something
like node [INAUDIBLE].
So that's a really advanced topic and
we can go into the really source of that.
Later on, but
basically it's coming from webhack and
it's almost magical, so it's pretty cool.
The first time I used it I was like,
what is this, this is crazy.
So that's hot module loading.